In what year was the winner of the 44th edition of the Miss World competition born?
Who lived longer, Nikola Tesla or Milutin Milankovic?
Author David Chanoff has collaborated with a U.S. Navy admiral who served as the ambassador to the United Kingdom under which President?
Create a table for top noise cancelling headphones that are not expensive
what are some ways to do fast query reformulation
Who was the director of the 2010 Hong Kong biographical martial arts film in which Ashton Chen played the role of a martial arts student?
A Love That Will Never Grow Old" is a song from a neo-western romantic drama film directed by who?
Which actor starred in Assignment to Kill and passed away in 2000.
The actor who played Carl Sweetchuck in the "Police Academy" films wrote the screenplay for "About Last Night" along with who else?
What name was given to the son of the man who defeated the usurper Allectus ?
What country of origin does House of Cosbys and Bill Cosby have in common?
How many fountains where present "World of Color" which includes lights,fire,laser and fog which has anthology television series and created by Steve Davison, who is Lead Creative Executive of Parades for Walt Disney and author such a shows as "Believe..There's Magic in the Start", "Disney Dreams!"?
Chris Larceny directed the music video Gon Jock, featuring a Haitian rapper who first achieved fame as a member of what New Jersey hip hop group?
The person where local tradition says Cross Lake is the boyhood home of co-founded what group?
The actor who played Carl Sweetchuck in the "Police Academy" films wrote the screenplay for "About Last Night" along with who else?
Who was the director of the 2010 Hong Kong biographical martial arts film in which Ashton Chen played the role of a martial arts student?
Which actor starred in Assignment to Kill and passed away in 2000.
Which representative of the Electoral district of Monaro is the 18th Deputy Premier of New South Wales?
Which player, known as the Sikkimese Sniper, played for East Bengal?
The 2015 Kids' Choice Sports Awards was hosted by an American footbal quarterback who was born on November 29th of what year?
What is compact identifier 1996astro for Galaxy Fliament also known as?
What is known to have 27 titles, has Charles Pickel on the squad and referred to a GC?
Peter Griffith's granddaughter had her screen debut in what 1999 film?
Who currently represents the congressional district for which Jim Meffert was the Democratic nominee in 2010?
The 2014 World RX of Argentina was held at the autodrome in the state that is in what part of Argentina
Thiruvalaputhur T A Kaliyamurthy is an artist that uses what type of instrument?
Hellfest is an annual all hearse car show, in Hell, or Hiland Lake, is an unincorporated community in Putnam Township of Livingston County in the U.S. state of Michigan, in which country?
"A Love That Will Never Grow Old" is a song from a neo-western romantic drama film directed by who?
Who received more nominations for the Academy Award Oscar, Stephen Frears or Mario Monicelli?
Where is the headquarters for the company for which Gary Kovacs served as CEO?
Which subject of Michael A. Weinstein's political analyses was a domestic terrorist?
Jordan Willis played college football for a team that competes in which conference?
The 2011–12 Oklahoma City Thunder advanced to which championship series against the Miami Heat?
Which genus was described first, Dendrobium of Barringtonia?
Which is a genus of more species of flowering plants Anthurium or Agrimonia?
What character in the television special "The Pound Puppies" did the voice actor of Fred Jones from "Scooby-Doo" voice as?
Who was born first, Bryan Callen or Brendan Schaub?
The Tremont Stakes in June is among the classic races held at Belmont Park in which U.S. state?
What name was given to the son of the man who defeated the usurper Allectus ?
What year was the situational comedy, starring the actress who also starred in "Doctor Who" and the American version of "The Office," first aired?
Are both Candleshoe and Pooh's Heffalump Movie Walt Disney films?
In what year was the film in which Sally Dworsky was an important voice actress and which is an adaptation of the Book of Exodus released?
What profession does Lewis Milestone and All Quiet on the Western Front have in common?
What singer worked with Nile Rodgers had a 1997 album that showcased electronica-influenced sound?
Which musician is originally from Poland, Adam Darski or Tom Johnston?
What type of system does Rob Donoghue and The Dresden Files Roleplaying Game have in common?
Are Mike Ness and Marc Bolan both guitarists?
Which cast member of The Dangerous liaisons was born in 1960?
University of Alabama in Huntsville is a college located in what county?
Were Donald Sawyer and Ken Annakin both film directors?
What 1937 magazine did "Bringing Up Baby" film star and one of classic Hollywood's definitive leading men appear in?
Both Brad Green and the 2000 AFL Grand Finals are associated with what country?
What high school is located in the town in which most television stations in the Louisvillve market have their transmitter facilities located?
Mortal online uses and what engine made by a Cary, North Carolina based video game development company?
Who founded the organization whose Boston branch excluded the Christian discussion group later housed in the Boston Young Men's Christian Union?
Who represents California's 43rd congressional district and is outspoken against the Iraq War and Donald Trump?
Which is the name of the major building in the Beeston parish and is perched on a rocky sandstone crag above Cheshire Plain?
By what name is the video game, to which Resident Evil: The Darkside Chronicles is a prequel, known in Japan ?
Which movie was produced by more than one company, Tall Tale or The Great Mouse Detective?
HDMS Hvidbjørnen is what class of ocean patrol vessel, also called Stanflex 3000, belonging to the Royal Danish Navy?
What language family is the language of the tribe of the man who instructed Jeff Ball in?
Kevin Daniels had a part in the 2004 American drama directed by whom?
Dayton, Newark is part of the county in New Jersey having what population as of 2016?
What album produced by George Martin was supposed to contain a song that ended up unreleased until 1996?
Which dog has been used for hunting for over 200 years, the Majorca Shepherd Dog or the Colombian fino hound?
Who is the mother of both an English television chef and food critic and an English actor who holds both British and Irish citizenship?
Along with a former investment banker and a former American stock trader who else was part of the insider trading scandals of the 1980s?
What season of The X Factor did the singer of Can I Be Him win?
What type of study does University of Cape Town and Queen's University have in common?
What year did the American dancer and choreographer, who was a guest judge on the American televised dance competition show that premiered on July 20, 2005 with over ten million viewers and ended the summer season as the top-rated show on television, win an award for Outstanding Choreography?
Who is the common tie between Kenji Fujimoto and Kim Jong-nam?
Who stated that she was born white but still identified as black and whose story was detailed in "Down from the Mountaintop: From Belief to Belonging" written by Joshua Dolezal?
Frank Oz voices which character in the fictional band Dr. Teeth and The Electrical Mayhem from "The Muppet Show"?
Kung Fu Panda is a 2008 American computer-animated action comedy starring the voice of a Hong Kong martial artist who is known for what kind of fighting style?
What role did the female star of Bickford Shmeckler's Cool Ideas play on the television series "House?"
Which band is English folk, Sunday Driver or Autolux?
The Lost Children is a B-side compilation album by the heavy metal band from what city?
According to Pew Research in 2015, what percentage of the U.S population self-identified with this Protestant Christian denomination that Lakeland University is affiliated with?
Which of the following is acclaimed for his "lyrical flow of his statements": Nâzım Hikmet or Arthur Miller?
Who directed the American romantic comedy-drama in which "Cold Blooded Old Times" appeared on the film soundtrack?
Who was the Chicago Bear's coach that was also the head coach of the University of Pittsburgh football team from 2005 to 2010?
Which blues rock band, from Athens, Alabama performed live on "Saturday Night Live" on February 28, 2015?
The language spoken in the industrial town and cargo port in Cheshire, England is also referred to as what?
This builder of the Rutan Boomerang has this number of aircraft on display in the National Air and Space Museum?
Michel Wachenheim a French ambassador and permanent representative of France of what specialized agency of the United Nations?
When was the Commissioner and former Governor of South Australia born who was also chancellor of the University of Adelaide?
What year did the series premier that starred Elliot Knight as Merlin?
Who starred in The Musical?
What year was the ship, in which Sink the Belgrano! was based on, listed as out of service?
Which country is 2MW and Murwillumbah located in?
Mikkey Ekko's first-charting material was released on which of Rihanna's albums?
What type of British TV series is narrated by a three times BAFTA, three times BIFA and one time Golden Globe Award winner?
Who played William Alexanders team in the rose bowl in 1929?
Disneyland Park has similar attractions to the park located in what Florida county?
Is Children's National Medical Center or MedStar Washington Hospital Center the largest private hospital in Washington, D.C.?
The 2006 King of the Ring tournamentAmerican professional wrestler and former professional mixed martial artist, professional football player and amateur wrestler who is currently signed with WWE?
What year was the band that released Imaginary Monsters formed?
Terrible Beauty is the first novel, published in 1999, by American politician and current U.S. Representative for where?
Andrew "Andy" Holt is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera, "Hollyoaks", played by who?
Which American wide receiver has a brother who was drafted by the Titans fifth overall in the 2017 NFL Draft?
The Westerner starred which actor who won three Academy Awards?
When did the Indian-language comedy television series starring Anup Upadhyay first premier?
Which English-born model and actor starred as Elbe in Tom Hooper's film The Danish Girl in 2015?
Are Erica Jong and Nancy Mitford both novelists?
Anna Howard Shaw Day starred the actor, director, and producer who was best known for playing what character on Mad Men?
Lorilee Craker co-authored a memoir about a woman who is what relation to Britney Spears?
What Hunter's Prayer actor also played Marcus Agrippa in the HBO drama Rome?
Donkey Kong is an arcade game released by Nintendo, which character in this game, was originally named Mr. Video?
When a Man Falls in Love, is a 2013 South Korean television series, starring Song Seung-heon, Shin Se-kyung, Chae Jung-an, and which South Korean actor, born on ?
Which novel was based on a man who was interviewed for Criminal Mindscape?
